Proofreading (#17)
MrBenJ/modern-js-by-example: book/005-asynchronous-tooling.md

## Introduction to Promises

> Under the hood, a **Promise** is a `state machine`. There's three (3) main states that a `Promise` can be in:

Reviewer: :tada:

1. **Pending**
    The promise has started its work, but hasn't finished yet.
2. **Resolved** -or- **Fulfilled**
    The promise has resolved or fulfilled its initial task, and is ready to execute whatever needs to happen next in its `resolve` function.
3. **Rejected**
    Something unfortunate happened and there was an error or exception somewhere in the process.

> As a programmer I need to define what constitutes the `Promise` reaching a **resolved/fulfilled state**, or a **rejected** state.

Reviewer: Keep comma please :)

  );
```

> There's nothing wrong with either approach, just make sure you and your team agree on which method is preferred.

Reviewer: This is one of those weird pluralization things. Team implies multiple people, and agrees... Hmmm...

Let's meet in the middle!

```suggestion
There's nothing wrong with either approach, just make sure you and your team collectively agree on which method is preferred.
```

> **IMPORTANT** As of Node v10, Unhandled rejected promises will halt and/or crash the Node process. If you aren't handling rejected promises now, you will need to soon, otherwise your whole program will crash.

Reviewer: Yikes. It must have been a late night while writing this passage...

Probably best to split this into 2 sentences.

`... rejected promises now, you will need to soon. Otherwise, the Node process will crash`

### Keep Promises Simple

Promises open up so much in async functionality, making callback hell a thing of the past and multiple REST API calls easy to read and move through.

> Because things get easier and the want to create more complex functions grows larger and larger, it's even more imperative that the **Single responsibilty principle** is upheld. For those needing a refresher:

Reviewer: Gahhh.. Tense...

```suggestion
Because things are getting easier, and the want to create more complex functions grows larger and larger, it's even more imperative that the **Single responsibilty principle** is upheld. For those needing a refresher:
```

}
```

> By doing this we're able to keep single responsibility with our Promises and have 2 functions we can use through composition and reuse, rather than creating giant functions we only need to use a few times.

Reviewer: You caught something important here. This reads funny without the implied comma pause:

`By doing this, we're able to...` (continue rest of your awesome edits 👍 )
